I wanna kinda talk about how
a composition is dot chaining.
It's the same thing.
And so, if you're writing this thing on
the left here, where we call toLowerCase,
and split, map, and reverse, that actually
ends up being much more ergonomic.
And Java scripts are like Scala or
JavaScript.
And so,
I tend to favor that in my day to day.
Sometimes this actually expresses
the problem much nicer.
So you can use compose there.
But I want you all to see a compose and
how it works and get a feel for it,
because if you go pick up PureScript or
Elm or Haskell,
you're gonna run right smack into it.
[LAUGH] And we're gonna get
a pipeline operator, apparently.
Is that happening, is that real?
We got a pipeline operator in JavaScript?
It's the same thing as composition.
So we'll have a third thing
down here is pipeline.
[LAUGH] But yes, these two are equivalent.